{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf400
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;
\f3\fmodern\fcharset0 CourierNewPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs37\fsmilli18667 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
SCIT, University of Wollongong CSIT110/CSIT810 Autumn Session 2018 
\b0\fs24 \cb1 \

\b\fs37\fsmilli18667 \cb3 Assignment 1 (5%) 
\f1\b0 due on 
\f0\b Sunday 18 March 2018 23:59PM 
\b0\fs24 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 Objectives 
\b0\fs24 \cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl360\sa240\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f2\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u9679  \'a0
\f1 Able to write clear code with comments and follow coding convention 
\f0\fs24 \cb1 \uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f2\fs32 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u9679  \'a0
\f1 Able to use print function for output 
\f0\fs24 \cb1 \uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f2\fs32 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u9679  \'a0
\f1 Able to use variables 
\f0\fs24 \cb1 \uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f2\fs32 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u9679  \'a0
\f1 Able to use string concatenation 
\f0\fs24 \cb1 \uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f2\fs32 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u9679  \'a0
\f1 Able to translate number into string 
\f0\b Instructions 
\b0\fs24 \cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\f1\fs32 \cb3 Put all your python code into a single file and submit it via the eLearning site (Assignment 1 Submission on Moodle). 
\f0\fs24 \cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\f1\fs32 \cb3 This assignment will be 
\f0\b marked in the computer lab
\b0  
\f1 . You will receive 
\f0\b zero mark 
\f1\b0 if you do not attend the computer lab. 
\f0\fs24 \cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\f1\fs32 \cb3 You may be asked questions about your code in the lab. Your 
\f0\b marks will be deducted 
\f1\b0 if you could not answer the questions presented by the tutors. 
\f0\fs24 \cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\f1\fs32 \cb3 Late submissions will be marked with a 20% marks deduction for one day late, including weekend. Submissions more than 3 days late will not be marked. 
\f0\fs24 \cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\f1\fs32 \cb3 If you need an extension, please apply for an Academic Consideration through SOLS on or before the assignment due date. 
\f0\fs24 \cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\f1\fs32 \cb3 Plagiarism is treated seriously. If we suspect any work is copied, all students involved are likely to receive zero for the entire assignment. 
\f0\fs24 \cb1 \uc0\u8232 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 \cb3 Page 1 of 3 
\f0\fs24 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 Assignment questions.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\f1\b0 \cb3 Write clear code with 
\f0\b comments 
\f1\b0 and follow 
\f0\b coding convention
\b0  
\f1 . Comments should include your 
\f0\fs24 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 name, student number and subject code on top of your code.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0\b \cb3 Question 1.
\b0  
\f1 Use the 
\f0\i print
\i0  
\f1 function to write code that produces the following exact output 
\f0\fs24 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 At UOW, plagiarism is treated seriously.\
I have read the plagiarism policy.\
I declare that this assignment solution is entirely my work.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 Question 2.
\b0  
\f1 Complete the following code: 
\f0\fs24 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 # 1st subject details\
subject1_code = "MATH901"\
subject1_name = "Abstract Algebra"\
subject1_credit_point = 6\
# 2nd subject details\
subject2_code = "MATH911"\
subject2_name = "Mathematical Logic"\
subject2_credit_point = 4\
# print subject details\
print...\
print...\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf2 so that the code produces the following exact output: 
\f0\fs24 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 Subject MATH901 Abstract Algebra: 6 credit points.\
Subject MATH911 Mathematical Logic: 4 credit points.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf2 and your code must use 
\f0\b string concatenation/addition
\b0  
\f1 . 
\f0\fs24 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 \cb3 Page 2 of 3 
\f0\fs24 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 Question 3.
\b0  
\f1 Use 
\f0\b suitable variables
\b0  
\f1 to write code that produces the following exact output: 
\f0\fs24 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 Assessment task weighting:\
Essay: 10%\
Programming assignment: 30%\
Project presentation: 20%\
Final exam: 40%\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf2 Your code must use 
\f0\b string concatenation/addition
\b0  
\f1 .\cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0\b \cb3 END OF THE ASSIGNMENT 
\b0\fs24 \cb1 \
}