{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf400
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;
\f3\fmodern\fcharset0 CourierNewPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww20120\viewh13400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs37\fsmilli18667 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 SCIT, University of Wollongong CSIT110/CSIT810 Autumn Session 2018 
\b0\fs24 \cb1 \

\b\fs37\fsmilli18667 \cb3 Assignment 8 (5%) 
\f1\b0 due on 
\f0\b Sunday 27 May 2018 23:59PM 
\b0\fs24 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 Objectives 
\b0\fs24 \cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl360\sa240\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f2\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \uc0\u9679  \'a0
\f1 Able to write clear code with comments and follow coding convention 
\f0\fs24 \cb1 \uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f2\fs32 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \uc0\u9679  \'a0
\f1 Able to get user input 
\f0\fs24 \cb1 \uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f2\fs32 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \uc0\u9679  \'a0
\f1 Able to use if-else statement 
\f0\fs24 \cb1 \uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f2\fs32 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \uc0\u9679  \'a0
\f1 Able to write your own functions 
\f0\fs24 \cb1 \uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f2\fs32 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \uc0\u9679  \'a0
\f1 Able to use list 
\f0\b Instructions 
\b0\fs24 \cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\f1\fs32 \cb3 Put all your python code into a single file and submit it via the eLearning site (Assignment 8 Submission on Moodle). 
\f0\fs24 \cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\f1\fs32 \cb3 You may be asked questions about your code in the lab. Your 
\f0\b marks will be deducted 
\f1\b0 if you could not answer the questions presented by the tutors. 
\f0\fs24 \cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\f1\fs32 \cb3 Late submissions will be marked with a 20% marks deduction for one day late, including weekend. Submissions more than 3 days late will not be marked. 
\f0\fs24 \cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\f1\fs32 \cb3 If you need an extension, please apply for an Academic Consideration through SOLS on or before the assignment due date. 
\f0\fs24 \cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\f1\fs32 \cb3 Plagiarism is treated seriously. If we suspect any work is copied, all students involved are likely to receive zero for the entire assignment. 
\f0\fs24 \cb1 \uc0\u8232 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 \cb3 Page 1 of 3 
\f0\fs24 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 Assignment questions.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\f1\b0 \cb3 Write clear code with 
\f0\b comments 
\f1\b0 and follow 
\f0\b coding convention
\b0  
\f1 . Comments should include your 
\f0\fs24 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 name, student number and subject code on top of your code.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 It is important that in this assignment, you should write 
\f0\b your own functions
\b0  
\f1 and use 
\f0\b list
\b0  
\f1 . 
\f0\fs24 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 Question 1. 
\f1\b0 Write a program to ask the user to enter the assessment details and then prints out this information. The program should work 
\f0\b exactly 
\f1\b0 as in the following example. The text in 
\f0\b bold 
\f1\b0 indicates the user input. 
\f0\fs24 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 Enter the number of assessments: 
\f0\b 4 
\b0\fs24 \cb1 \

\f3\fs32 \cb3 Assessment 1.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Enter assessment title: 
\f0\b Group project 
\f3\b0 Enter assessment mark: 
\f0\b 75 
\b0\fs24 \cb1 \

\f3\fs32 \cb3 Assessment 2.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Enter assessment title: 
\f0\b Programming assignment 1 
\f3\b0 Enter assessment mark: 
\f0\b 5 
\b0\fs24 \cb1 \

\f3\fs32 \cb3 Assessment 3.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Enter assessment title: 
\f0\b Programming assignment 2 
\f3\b0 Enter assessment mark: 
\f0\b 65 
\b0\fs24 \cb1 \

\f3\fs32 \cb3 Assessment 4.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Enter assessment title: 
\f0\b Final exam 
\f3\b0 Enter assessment mark: 
\f0\b 90 
\b0\fs24 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\b\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 -------------------\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f3\b0 \cf2 Assessment details:\
-------------------\
Group project                            75\
Programming assignment 1                  5\
Programming assignment 2                 65\
Final exam                               90\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf2 Note that the assessment marks are integers in the range 0-100.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 You must use 
\f0\b string format 
\f1\b0 to display the assessment details. The 
\f0\b length of each column 
\f1\b0 is up to your decision, however, the 1st column must have the 
\f0\b left alignment 
\f1\b0 and the 2nd column must have the 
\f0\b right alignment
\b0  
\f1 . 
\f0\fs24 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 \cb3 Page 2 of 3 
\f0\fs24 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 Question 2. 
\f1\b0 Write a program to ask the user enter a list and then display this list. The user should specify the 
\f0\b length 
\f1\b0 of the list and the 
\f0\b data type 
\f1\b0 of the elements of the list. The program should work 
\f0\b exactly
\b0  
\f1 as in the following examples. The text in 
\f0\b bold
\b0  
\f1 indicates the user input. 
\f0\fs24 \cb1 \

\b\fs32 \cb3 Example 1. 
\b0\fs24 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 Enter the length of the list: 
\f0\b 4\cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\f3\b0 \cb3 Choose the type of data (integer(I) / string(S) / decimal(D)): 
\f0\b I 
\f3\b0 Enter the list element: 
\f0\b 10 
\b0\fs24 \cb1 \

\f3\fs32 \cb3 Enter the list element: 
\f0\b 20 
\f3\b0 Enter the list element: 
\f0\b 5 
\f3\b0 Enter the list element: 
\f0\b 10 
\b0\fs24 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 You have entered an integer list: 10, 20, 5, 10\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 Example 2. 
\b0\fs24 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 Enter the length of the list: 
\f0\b 2\cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\f3\b0 \cb3 Choose the type of data (integer(I) / string(S) / decimal(D)): 
\f0\b S 
\f3\b0 Enter the list element: 
\f0\b hi there 
\b0\fs24 \cb1 \

\f3\fs32 \cb3 Enter the list element: 
\f0\b uow\cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\f3\b0 \cb3 You have entered a string list: 
\fs29\fsmilli14667 "
\f0  
\f3\fs32 hi there
\f0  
\f3\fs29\fsmilli14667 "
\f0  
\f3\fs32 , 
\fs29\fsmilli14667 "
\f0  
\f3\fs32 uow
\f0  
\f3\fs29\fsmilli14667 " 
\f0\b\fs32 Example 3. 
\b0\fs24 \cb1 \

\f3\fs32 \cb3 Enter the length of the list: 
\f0\b 1\cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\f3\b0 \cb3 Choose the type of data (integer(I) / string(S) / decimal(D)): 
\f0\b D 
\f3\b0 Enter the list element: 
\f0\b 1.7 
\b0\fs24 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 You have entered a decimal list: 1.7\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 END OF THE ASSIGNMENT 
\b0\fs24 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 \cb3 Page 3 of 3 
\f0\fs24 \cb1 \
}